Rjay Anderson 17 years old and this is
gonna be my fifth year racing for Walker
Evans racing going into my fourth year
racing side-by-sides and this year
stepping out and beating in the pro
light class flirts XP is in my opinion
most innovative thing on the market as
far as side by side to go being from
Walker and racing get a chance to test a
lot of the different vehicles and this
thing's incredible just all the power
and speed it has and then everything you
throw out the suspension handles to so I
mean it's a combo all in one the race
car I've had is that a arm and now this
thing being trailing arm it's it's
different I would have thought it would
take some getting used to but it didn't
you totally adapt to it through the
whoops and everything it just goes right
through of no problem it's incredibly
we've done some drag races and some
side-by-side comparison and just
real-world testing and this thing just
seems to win every time is the power it
has it's incredible you want to lift
before you it wants to
well flairs did is they they quicken the
steering so it takes less effort in the
steering wheel to make the wheels go
from lock to lock which personally I
like because that's more adaptive to my
race car you don't have to spend as much
time steering it makes it a little
stiffer but to me that that doesn't
matter as much but I like it because you
can stay on top of it in some of the
previous years you have to always be
chasing it when you're in the rut you're
letting go and having to grasp it and
catch it this thing you can just always
stay on top of it it fits a wide range
audiences but mainly the guys that want
to go out to the dunes and they want to
buy a car off the shelf and say I don't
want to do anything to it really maybe
add some shocks and go out and just have
a stock vehicle that'll go 75 miles an
hour and take anything you throw at and
anyone that wants to go to the desert
anyone that doesn't really want to spend
a whole bunch of money on aftermarket
modifications I mean this thing already
has it all it's hard to point pick out
just one one thing it's just an overall
package the way it handles the way it
takes corners you the way you can stop
it on the dime and just turn into the
corner and point and shoot where you
want to go that's probably my favorite
thing about it is it's just so
predictable and you can put it right
where you want it come out of it with a
power